Buttercup is not going to like this
buttercup you won't believe what I just
saw well I'm kind of busy right now it
can wait guess you don't want to know
why I know about flapjack what about him
has he gonna open the mountains on his
own probably has hook well he has a new
mirror Wow babe do you mind if you uh
leave me and my friend alone for a few
minutes but you said you'd spend this
night with me just leave me alone okay
no what's this about a new mare well I
don't know I just saw him with this mare
but what does she look like she's just
like brown black mini black tail oh why
would he do this to me he's meant to
lift the rest of his life alone in pain
missing me well he didn't seem in pain
when I saw him where are they well last
I heard they're going over to the Royal
Gardens cafe I have to find them
so did you enjoy your meal yeah it was
really nice thanks so much well how
about we head over find a store and get
some sleep yeah I'm exhausted well we
have had quite a busy today yeah come on
let go she isn't even that pretty I know
right come on let's go go on this is the
only spare stall lock stay here okay
I'll get over here just what are you
gonna do I'm gonna make sure that that
mere ends up heartbroken I'm going to
love it